# Optimized l1-wavelet CS

This is an implementation of Optimized l1-wavelet CS for accelerated MRI reconstruction.

## Datasets

[FastMRI](https://fastmri.med.nyu.edu/) dataset is used in the experiments.

A saved model trained with Coronal proton density (PD) dataset is provided.

## How to use

numpy version: 1.21.5
tensorflow version: 1.13.1

train_optimized.py file generates a first trained l1-wavelet CS model with subband processing. Then the first set of reconstructed images are generated by test_optimized.py. train_optimized_reweighted.py generates a second trained l1-wavelet CS model with subband processing and reweighted l1-minimization, using the first set of reconstructed images. Then the final set of reconstructed images are generated by test_optimized_reweighted.py.

Users should set the directories for all the following:

## Notes



## Copyright and License Notice

Optimized l1-wavelet CS is copyrighted by Regents of the University of Minnesota. Regents of the University of Minnesota will license the use of Optimized l1-wavelet CS solely for educational and research purposes by non-profit institutions and US government agencies only. For other proposed uses, contact umotc@umn.edu. The software may not be sold or redistributed without prior approval. One may make copies of the software for their use provided that the copies, are not sold or distributed, are used under the same terms and conditions. As unestablished research software, this code is provided on an "as is'' basis without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied. The downloading, or executing any part of this software constitutes an implicit agreement to these terms. These terms and conditions are subject to change at any time without prior notice.

## Questions

If you have any questions, feel free to open an issue or contact gu003818@umn.edu
